01/star-dates.md, before:

# What is this all about?!
First things first, this is just a dumping ground of my 'whatever' thoughts, rants, observations, and whatnot.

# How a Star Trek style star date system could work in the real world
So, in the popular sci-fi world created by Gene Roddenberry _Star Trek_ time and date is largely measured by a 
system know as **"Star Dates"**. The actual basis for creating the "Star Date" used in each episode varies 
widely based on the series, and from what I can tell, even the randomness of the writer's mood for that day.
One thing that I have come to understand is that there seems to be no overall continuity in the fictional 
*Star Date* system.

Recently, I was watching an **Answers with Joe** video that dealt with the calendar systems in history and use
where he went into the randomness that has been our date keeping system at large. But, towards the end of the video 
he breifly touched on how human-kind might use a different date keeping system. This is rightly a valid piont,
as he clearly shows how our current date keeping system is based on the cycles of our planet, how could this system
be valid and effective when we are not anywhere near our own planet? For a few seconds, Joe touches on the UNIX Time
and how that could be the basis of a **"Stellar Calendar"**. That got me thinking that UNIX Time would likely be the 
best basis for a contigous date keeping system that would be valid both on Earth and in deep space.

# How UNIX Time would work as a Star Date system
If we simply take the UNIX Time in a given moment in time, say _1546806000_, and divided it by 100,000 this could give
us something like a star date that is accurate down to a second.

Commit message:

Adding more to the first note.

01/star-dates.md, after:

# What is this all about?!
First things first, this is just a dumping ground of my 'whatever' thoughts, rants, observations, and whatnot.

# How a Star Trek style star date system could work in the real world
So, in the popular sci-fi world created by Gene Roddenberry _Star Trek_ time and date is largely measured by a 
system know as **"Star Dates"**. The actual basis for creating the "Star Date" used in each episode varies 
widely based on the series, and from what I can tell, even the randomness of the writer's mood for that day.
One thing that I have come to understand is that there seems to be no overall continuity in the fictional 
*Star Date* system.

Recently, I was watching an **Answers with Joe** video that dealt with the calendar systems in history and use
where he went into the randomness that has been our date keeping system at large. But, towards the end of the video 
he breifly touched on how human-kind might use a different date keeping system. This is rightly a valid piont,
as he clearly shows how our current date keeping system is based on the cycles of our planet, how could this system
be valid and effective when we are not anywhere near our own planet? For a few seconds, Joe touches on the UNIX Time
and how that could be the basis of a **"Stellar Calendar"**. That got me thinking that UNIX Time would likely be the 
best basis for a contigous date keeping system that would be valid both on Earth and in deep space.

# How UNIX Time would work as a Star Date system
If we simply take the UNIX Time in a given moment in time, say _1546806000_, and divided it by 10000 this could give
us something like a star date that is accurate down to a second. By moving the decimal point 4 places to the right
You get a nice division between the year, month, day, and the fraction of a day. Because it is base-10 days are split into 6ths of a day. Neat huh?

This is just a little thought exercise that I wanted to flesh out, because I always have these random little thoughts and leave them as just that, *thoughts*. Eventually, my thoughts on cool little tidbits such as this will fade and be lost to time. My hope is that I can find time to continue this and jot down more of my thoughts, then either myself or you can expand these and take them farther, perhaps even to the real. Because, let's face it - I'm not the smartest person in the world and I not only have little time, but also limited knowledge and other resources. Namely, money, and maybe some day the right person with the right knowledge and necessary resources will take these ideas and run with them, eventually making all of humanity better!

Until next time, be a good human being!
